Context aware policies can be written with Rego (#289)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/spec/05-context-aware-policies.mdx

The `default` Policy Server deployed by Kubewarden helm charts has access to the following Kubernetes resources:

- Namespaces
- Services
- Ingresses

:::caution

> The policy server performs caching of the results obtained from the Kubernetes API server to reduce the amount of load of this core piece of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy server performs caching of the results obtained from the Kubernetes API server to reduce the amount of load on this core part of Kubernetes.
```
